---
layout: one_section
title: Welcome
permalink: /
overview: true
---
## Welcome

Increasing class synergy and the prevalence of proc-based combat modifiers have eroded the accuracy of traditional 
calculators that rely upon closed-form approximations to model very complex mechanics. The goal of this simulator is 
to close the accuracy gap while maintaining a performance level high enough to calculate relative stat weights to aid 
gear selection.

The primary purpose of this site is to host sample analysis generated by SimulationCraft. This provides players with 
easy access to simulation results at various gear points and patch levels.
      
It is important that information flow in both directions. After examining the reports, players may detect 
**inconsistencies** with their experiences in-game. In addition, <b>inefficiencies</b> (talents, glyphs, gear, 
gems, enchants) may be found in the supplied profiles. <b>Please</b> take the time to open an 
[**issue**](http://code.google.com/p/simulationcraft/issues/list) or leave a 
[**comment**](http://code.google.com/p/simulationcraft/wiki/Feedback). We are continuously looking for new profiles, 
both at the normal and heroic levels.

If you need help on running SimulationCraft, developing custom actions lists, or have other questions, please see our 
[extensive documentation](http://code.google.com/p/simulationcraft/wiki/StartersGuide). You can also normally find 
helpful people on our IRC channel at [irc.gamers-irc.org #simulationcraft](http://chat.mibbit.com/?server=irc.gamers-irc.org&amp;channel=%23simulationcraft)

Wondering what may have changed since the last time reports were updated? [Check here!](https://code.google.com/p/simulationcraft/source/list)
We also update release notes on every official build, which are easier to understand but are not as up to date. [Check them out here](http://www.simulationcraft.org/download.html)

<h2 class="toggle open">Raid Results</h2>
<div class="toggle-content">
  <ul>
    <li><h3>Warlords of Draenor 6.2</h3>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T18N.html">Warlords of Draenor T18N 690-705 ilevel Patchwerk-style</a></li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T18H.html">Warlords of Draenor T18H 705-720 ilevel Patchwerk-style</a></li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T18H_AOE.html">WoD T18H 705-720 ilevel 4-target sustained AoE -EXPERIMENTAL-</a></li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T18H_AddWaves.html">WoD T18H 705-720 ilevel Patchwerk + 15 seconds of 8 additional adds every 45 seconds -EXPERIMENTAL-</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><h3>Warlords of Draenor 6.0</h3>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T17N.html">Warlords of Draenor T17N 670 ilevel Patchwerk-style</a></li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T17H.html">Warlords of Draenor T17H 685 ilevel Patchwerk-style</a></li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T17M.html">Warlords of Draenor T17M 700 ilevel Patchwerk-style</a></li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T17M_AOE.html">WoD T17M 700 ilevel 4-target sustained AoE -EXPERIMENTAL-</a></li>
        <li><a href="{{ site.url }}/reports/Raid_T17M_AddWaves.html">WoD T17M 700 ilevel Patchwerk + 15 seconds of 8 additional adds every 45 seconds -EXPERIMENTAL-</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>
